# CowtasticMods
This repo contains ~most of~ all the BepInEx 5 plugins I've written for Cowtastic Cafe.

Check [releases](https://github.com/telnetr4/CowtasticMods/releases) for the downloads.


# Prereq Installations
## Unstripped DLLs
BepInEx requires the unstripped assemblies (DLLs), which can be found [here](https://github.com/telnetr4/CowtasticMods/releases/tag/UnstrippedDLLs). There are two ways to do this, [as reproduced here]](https://hackmd.io/@ghorsington/rJuLdZTzK#Move-unstripped-assemblies-to-the-game-THE-DIRTY-BUT-BASIC-WAY):
1. Move unstripped assemblies to the game (THE DIRTY BUT BASIC WAY)
\
Take all assemblies you have copied into the temporary folder and move them into `Cowtastic Cafe_Data/Managed`. Overwrite when asked.

**OR**

2. Move unstripped assemblies to the game (THE CLEAN BUT MORE INVOLVED WAY)
	1. Create folder named `unstripped_corlib` in your game folder (the folder where the game EXE resides)

	2. Move the assemblies you copied into `unstripped_corlib`

	3. Open `doorstop_config.ini` in a text editor of your choice (e.g. Notepad)

	4. Find option named `dllSearchPathOverride` and set it to the following:
\
`dllSearchPathOverride=unstripped_corlib`

3. Install BepInEx.

## 
The following installation instructions are derivative of the [BepInEx install guide](https://docs.bepinex.dev/articles/user_guide/installation/index.html):

1. Download BepInEx 5 x86 from the [BepInEx Github releases](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases/tag/v5.4.21).
2. Extract the contents into the game root. After you have downloaded the correct game version, extact the contents of the archive into the game folder.

	- On Windows, the game root folder is where the game executable is located.
	- On Linux, the game root folder is where the executable <Game>.x86 is located.
	- On macOS, the root folder is where the game <Game>.app is located.
3. Do a first run to generate configuration files
	- On Windows, simply run the game executable. This should generate BepInEx configuration file into `BepInEx/config` folder and an initial log file `BepInEx/LogOutput.txt`. If it doesn't, follow the 
	- On Linux/MacOS, first, open the included run script `run_bepinex.sh` in a text editor of your choice. Edit the line `executable_name="";` to the name of the executable.
		> On Linux, this is simply the name of the game executable
		
		> On macOS, this is the name of the game app with .app extension, for example HuniePop.app
	
		 Finally, open the terminal in the game folder and make `run_bepinex.sh` script executable:
	
		 `chmod u+x run_bepinex.sh`
		 
		 You can now run BepInEx by executing the run script:
		 
		 `./run_bepinex.sh`
		 
		 This should generate a BepInEx configuration file into `BepInEx/config` folder and an initial log file 'BepInEx/LogOutput.txt'.

# Installation of mods:
1. Make sure you have BepInEx 5 installed on your system. If you don't, follow the instructions provided by BepInEx's documentation to install it.
2. Extract the contents of the archive into the BepInEx/plugins folder in your game's directory.
3. Launch the game and check if the plugin is working properly.
4. If the config file `telnet.INSERTMODNAMEHERE.cfg` (where `INSERTMODNAMEHERE` is the name or abbreviation of the mod) appears in BepInEx/config, that means it's working! If it doesn't, check the troubleshooting section.

# Configuration:
This plugin has configurable settings, located in the BepInEx/config folder. You can modify these settings using a text editor like Notepad or Visual Studio Code.
The config file is where you can reset keys using Unity Keycodes (http://answers.unity.com/answers/762252/view.html). Hotkeys defaults are currently set to allow one-handed use.

#Uninstallation:
To uninstall the plugin, simply delete the plugin files from the BepInEx/plugins folder in your game's directory.

# Troubleshooting:
If you encounter any issues with the plugin, try the following steps:

-Check if the plugin is compatible with your game version.
-Check if the plugin is conflicting with any other plugins you have installed.
-Check if the plugin is installed correctly and in the right folder.
-Check the plugin's documentation or readme file for any troubleshooting tips.
-Scream in frustration.
-Check that you have installed the correct version of BepInEx 5 for the OS you are using.
-Make sure your game has the unstripped DLLs.


# Contact:
-
If you encounter any issues that you cannot resolve, you can contact me on Discord at telnet#8242 and https://github.com/telnetr4/CowtasticMods/issues.
You can also try the Cowtastic Cafe channels in PreggoPixel's Games Discord server, but I'll probably be the one to reply.
Bugs can be reported at https://github.com/telnetr4/CowtasticMods/issues
Please provide as much information as possible, including any error messages or logs, to help identify and resolve the issue

*Original README.TXT generated by ChatGPT then edited. I'm lazy.*
